you know spring is on its way and in a
okay to look like a scrub according to
TLC so you need to do a little spring
clin down here up here everywhere in
between if you know what I mean get it
started my friend yeah number one who
knew witness always can't right what
next yes I get them from the Danny
therefore not broken they're free they
give you so many yeah I have like five
thousand I put him in my cargo pants I
mainly use a Brooklyn cleanin my wenis
sometimes over here after the dirty
times really like them because they're
like wait gets from Jesus Rick gonna get
down to the holy place Oh Putin Oh
exactly it cleans up the Putin oh jeez
good Walmart body spray hot you go to
war and use their cup women sure about
it sprays into your eyes they're all
free use as many as you want I do it
before but before work cuz I don't take
showers yes sometimes I go in I roll on
one two three different deodorants and I
just walk out it's amazing America
sometimes if I want I want you to get
jealous that I was hanging out with
another lady I'll put on a woman's dear
I'm not afraid that's brilliant number
three oh it's carrot chapstick yeah top
five uses for jet sick number one lips
number two you're my fish number three
whoo for cooking by and she Elvis don't
watch those boom do you new new new new
new a chipped it ranked you piece of
crap it's lunch time number four weekly
manicures and monthly pedicures there is
a way to go if you want to get out I
don't know what you're talking about in
Russia if your nails are love dirty and
grimy with filth they cut your dick off
it's at all my way is down
fingerhut no my color my name is
princess tranquilly you see that nice
and clean nice it hides up the yellow
for my smoking mmm numbersync open mail
just tape is good for room and get rid
of those hairs here here here here give
them get it papa Oh Ben Affleck do it
Obama grooming and human oh look there's
nothing closer to God than cleanliness
and magic so keep it clean follow those
rules you'll get it in my friend
you